I'm asking for a pass over somewhere,
not from explanation of why.
I spoke to the same reason I passed over the charges
in New York.
Charge number eight.
Charge left number eight and all four number nine.
I'll be locked and take issue by force.
The calls are with us.
I'll be right through the mid-term.
Yes sir.
But I would like to ask you a five-time task
and I'll need the first son and twin.
Be a gift by these petty-gone politicians.
To take their time on the subcommittees
expose your other activities on the drafting
and treatment of five-year-olds.
The sign is petty and untoundless.
Is that true or untrue?
That's true.
Name the sonny-gum politicians.
I identify them for the country.
Will you please introduce the committee?
Yes sir.
I believe it's clear to send a McCarthy who signed a sweater
for himself and his behalf.
I saw from Frank Carlisery throwing two certainly
Mr. Steven van Mr. Adam.
Yes, those two.
Well, sorry you're not there.
Senator McCarthy who else he had.
I'll ask for you.
I'll ask when the McCarthy will need takes to stand.
I'll see you.
Who do you name as the petty-gone politicians?
I would have in mind particularly Mr. Steven van Mr. Adam.
No one else?
Find me sir.
I would not have in mind any other specific names.
I think that there were probably some people outside.
I think there were probably some people over there,
who were not displeased with the idea of an attack upon this committee.
Maybe that's a title of some honor.
I don't know in distinction, but I will know who they are.
I name I would say Mr. Steven van Mr. Adam.
Oh, had I called you attention?
Number 11.
On which you state no impover means of any kind have been used
to change that influential treatment for private time.
All applications and discussions concerning your true beauty
with the army have been open and pop-up.
Yes sir.
Do you state that as soon as?
What are you willing for any monocle and calls that you may have made?
We'll respect to him, be admitted in evidence in this case.
So we can check and see just whether it will go from.
Sir, whether it will seek this?
Sir, I am willing as I said the first day to have four monocle calls.
Go into the records in the preceding.
But on this part, particularly you would object to them going in
unless you could get other monocle calls.
Stand in the mclollion.
I'm sure you want to be fair about this, sir.
I'm letting you be fair with yourself.
I'm letting you give your staff the answer.
Fancy and then it's to put in all the calls and give the whole picture
and not permit a collection of a few calls which give a part of the picture
and leave that other place.
You're on the same mission.
I'm object.
All I'm going in the distance.
You understand?
You're on the same mission.
I'm going to know the position to be that you want them all.
Yes.
But I'm not going to be able to answer this.
If I want to get as much of the truth, the brigade and all of it is my priority possible.
As far as I'm concerned, sir, I do not want to get a distorted age.
If there are any particular calls that you would object to here,
if it's right, open and nothing, secret or nothing,
but we're seeking preferential treatment.
Why would you object to it going in because it is co-operated?
What's your say?
That's right, sir.
And we would like all of the calls to go into.
I am the same as I call.
But if you can't get all of it, you can get more under the call.
I'll bring one, two things right now.
Why not?
We'll do it.
So this region, sir, you have set something on the phone.
I respect what you said.
Many stations that you want to be fair to everyone in one area.
Oh.
You're being constructed in a fair way.
To me, sir, it is not fair to let one side of a controversy select.
Not a bunch of calls, a few calls, or a number of calls,
which they think are going to help their sides and to exclude other calls,
which they think might damage them.
And I think if you ask me, sir, if you ask me to consent to a collection
by Mr. Davis and Mr. Adams of what call they want in,
and to give them the option of concealing, even from Mr. Jenkins,
and the committee's other call for phenol existence,
which shed life on the toll issue.
I think you are being very unfair.
Well, I don't really know what I'm going to ask you this.
If the call would help you, if the monitor notes of this call,
and it was getting called, when Mr. Metz and Mr. Shine would help
corroborate and substantiate your own statement.
You don't know how in the world you think that would be unfair to you.
It's done.
I think it would be unfair to have a collection set.
Well, if the selection is made of those that corroborate,
you can defend your holiday that being fair.
I'll say how it might be unfair to you.
There might be one call about one thing.
There might be another call about something else.
One call might be spread away previous call.
If we get the one and we don't get the previous call,
you will have one here for picture.
And something in there might be taken out of context,
or particularly, if you were the fact that Mr. Stephen was monitoring the call,
we did not know he was monitoring them.
In addition to that, sir, he is now seeking to make a selection
of which call can come in and go out.
Do you think, Mr. Stephen, is actually seeking to make this election?
Yes, I don't know.
Do you know they will be produced in so far as they can in the executive direction?
I believe so.
Don't you believe that?
No, sir, I do.
You don't believe it.
And may I tell you why, sir?
Yes.
Be call out.
I wonder.
Yes, sir.
Be call out long before there was any executive director.
In existence, we request this certain call,
if he turns over to Mr. Jenkins and Mr. Hollis,
or if at least they two weeks last,
when there was no executive director in those call,
and never turned over,
saying that very at the time.
Do you mean an executive director is an executive representative
for cheating parties?
Yes, sir.
That's the potential call from coming in.
Well, I understand that to be the position being served by Mr. Hollis, sir.
Well, I didn't say I understand,
and I'm sitting as the general director that he finished the year before,
it has been a special director of wildlife together.
It's the main subject that he's directed by such a person.
Does that mean anything that the director makes?
Well, I may have been taken by that.
But I may not have said it disagreeing with you.
I would want them all to, and I do.
I hope it can get them all.
So what it's thought of making here is one that
has corroborated what the attorney has.
They seem to me you wouldn't object to it in yourself.
No, sir, I don't object to helping myself.
I do object to what this thought is.
It takes you coming into the right.
I'd like everything to do.
All right, let's go to number 12.
Yes.
Well, I still promise.
What's the charge, the participation in this matter
was the participation and the charge.
At the constant attempts on the part of the Pentagon,
the billions, the trade-off,
treatment for a private charge against the plighting of self-committee exposure
of the manning of commoners infiltration and the military.
Did Mr. Carr express your invitation?
A man of self-committee.
Yes.
He did?
All am in the occasion?
A number of occasions.
Yes.
When don't you agree with me that he's an important witness to this
repeating?
Surely, sir, and I'm sure that Mr. Carr is not only willing but anxious to come in here and testify.
He should cooperate with that statement, please.
Yes, sir.
I'm just saying it.
As the charge against the Army or justice, this happens in secondary scenes.
I think there is testimony of these folks that admit he can substantiate it.
He can testify to that personally.
Yes, I, again, so bad that it irritated him as staff directed it to me.
Sir, I think there is a lot that Mr. Carr is going to say that it's going to be repetition
for the third or fourth time to think for Senator McCarthy.
And I have said that.
Oh, my God.
A whole lot of parole, but Richard is in a major repetition.
And it did not.
You know that as well.
You don't.
You're absolutely right, sir.
So it would not hurt the case.
The admins, the far testifying parole, he's charging with the parole solace, and that will help.
I wouldn't have say he wouldn't have a through-five that it would help with it to get the hold back.
I think there is a 50-low solace, though, that will help our case.
Yes.
So, this time is exciting.
The fourth center of the direction starts to question the witness what's returning to us.
You'll be out across the country to permit our stations to identify themselves.
This is ABC Television Network.
The standing is now that the police do you want.
As a senator to the Inclusion of Telephone calls between himself and members of the committee.
That's right.
Mr. Lounce, I presume that's a good deal.
I agree with Mr. Lounce, thanks, and yes.
Now Mr. Chairman, would there be any objection to a party in interest reading his own telephone calls into the election?
Mr. Lounce, I believe, is a range of things.
Legal points are very, very serious days, and which this matter came up about some part of the Federal Communications Act,
which requires content to people at both end of the telephone line before you can devour the sentence.
Obviously, I'm not sure if I remember Mr. Wilt Gray's point, because at that time suggested this business of getting content,
but just to wealth is a distinguished spot to lawyer, and we can answer whether that is correct enough.
I think this is a good deal.
I was wondering why the one derailed for this certainly was raised, and it is a problem that Mr. Dake and the Nile have longed real.
If the record would show your rage in an interest instance, you'd probably call me to look at this, because you're all signed at that time to find a way to put the limit.
Mr. Jenkins, cooperate with what you said, you're correct.
Mr. Chairman, thanks.
You're not a required by that matter, and I'm seeing Senator Berkland.
Mr. Wilt and I agree that for four, a telephone call, which is monitored, maybe for an evidence that is the monitoring of this telephone call,
is the same as the credit that we had.
It is mind-assigning that Senator Berkland desires to now lead into the record, certain telephone calls, monitor telephone calls, between himself as a security army.
It is better mind-assigning that the security of the army has been considered by a student, and a direction by the very leading of the telephone calls, consent, and the security.
The message in the message is perfectly proper, and by any, no, or whatever, percent of the reduction of this time to reach into the record, the monitor telephone calls between himself and the security army, if he desires to do so.
And the mic's out.
I have no action to reach it, but I call attention to the committee that it will not be shown in the testimony if it's just brought by the senator himself.
So what I have been trying to do is to get what's the testimony.
Who does the looser of this?
Well, the reason why are these are the monitor calls, and when it does, I'm going to press my own record, my own record.
That's the other phone of order, but not the other one.
And the matter is that as well, the motion when the police and the telephone calls, there's a public evidence that they were enjoying inside the corner.
So, I have no objection to mind going into the matter back to the mine, the matter part of the public record.
But it's understanding that there's a group in front of the order, so that you can determine what the truth is.
So, I think that's the kind of work that people need to monitor.
My director, my director, that's the chair of the matter that is collected by the comment moving to the center.
And as far as people who are all introduction to the monitor calls are concerned, chair of the lead.
Chair of the lead, is the monitor?
What's the reason he's own monitor, his telephone conversation, in the end of the week, that they haven't been offended to by perpetrated people.
The subject is certainly has that right.
And that, if and when we should look at this call, there's a special duty problem.
And he, then, as I said in the OHS, is this the true transcript?
It will have the same essence as one testimony, tell them about it.
Chair of the I.T., it's actually lead his own monitor, his telephone conversation, the record.
So, it's 50 days old, in the relative, under whatever circumstances prevail, and none of the prevail, he will follow the same criteria, that's not his right.
Keep your order, I will, I think, a gesture chair.
I do think that, though, we are all to be reminded of this fact, that only at the very early stages of the trial, we have just to make this on the stand.
As most of you, say, say, see, from the Mr. Adam public place, authentic to be an election of the monitor telephone calls.
And I will say that as the trial lawyer, I have proposed the three that have missed the one that was then remissioned to the way into what they seem to expect a season to descendant.
And they then ran to the block with the help of the other students.
The descendant has said, nothing is going in the left air where they know the data.
And to the right, when it comes to either the son of the, or anybody else, and the son of the son of the, or anybody else can seclude the son of the, from reading his calls into the record, along with the son of the, by, secretary of the, the chair with you, and the secretary with him,
and those who are here to defend the state, if you don't, and the state, the secretary is an intellectual, and the secretary, but only three in the chairman may take.
Under the terms of the consent, for the been fined by the secretary of the army, Mr. Adam, and is fined by all members of the special subcommittee,
is it possible to, say, certain forms of health and have admitted, admitted, and be found out?
Concerned to such consent, the chair with us contains, he comes to the well, or is possible or not?
Uh, I'm so well, does it consent?
Given my secretary, Adam, and Mr., the secretary, I suspect that Stevens and Mr. Adam, have any change attached to the, have any modifications that they say they must all go in or not?
I think you mentioned, Adam, in respect of this situation, that the, that Mr. Secretary Stevens and Mr. Adam, on the mentioned, Adam, consents of the attations of all members of the telephone calls between, um, and in addition, have given the senators an honor and both the state to put on again their telephone calls, their members of the call, get the senators, which is, which is, which is, to exercise that option?
I ask that you take them to that, that the year they got for the job, Mr. Wreck, I am handing a VV and place others at this morning, Mr. Cohn, as stated on the House of the Human Services, and of Senator McCuckish, that they are now within part of the senators, the members of the committee, to present an evidence, their respective monitors, monitors, telephone calls, and under the situation of the, as it's now existing chairs, as I do, which individual members of this committee are,
as members of this committee are, as members of the hall of the committee, may now lead into the record, or any time they since this lead into the record, their monocles telephone calls.
So, well, to get right down now to the C in the Boston Harbor, I want to ask you the direct question, whether you desire the chairs to submit, Senator Dirk Smith, or he's monitored phone calls, which gives my attention to the record, or whether you object.
I serve the commission, no else, just an investigation in my proceed.
It's Chairman Oliver Evans, not out of my concern, I serve.
It was not.
Now, Mr. Chairman, there are things such as Sherlock Holmes' attributes about all the telephone calls, or the mixture of telephone calls.
What I tell these were taking calls between Secretary Stevens and I, obviously bodies, the latter days.
The first one happened on September 8, 2015, in 1954, as I mentioned.
Both days, running for Secretary Evans called on to the book, 9.50 days, except days, right for the Army, please.
Those were the I calls that had been charged with its role.
I didn't know where he was yesterday, but John Adams found out that he was staying at the can I tell in all the names.
And I just came off the phone with him, and I simply responded to him, that I have gone to the very most relevant to the company that they encounter.
And the touch-creen to the conversation I had with each one of his friends.
Of course, he didn't like it, got very mad about it, and finally he just said,
when he was supposed to be the first kind of thought to be known before the committee went first.
I told I would take it under his life.
He said, both, are you with him?
I said, both, I have taken on your life, but it's not.
I don't know whether I have accepted it or not.
I just wanted to post to you that I took it.
I told the general where it came from, and it wound up with your continuing move for 10-15 days.
That's about it, and I got too often known, and I thought I often tell you other than it was in both.
I understand, Bob, the observations that you gave me yesterday afternoon,
and all of them taken through the record.
I have heard that it was about the year of the Olympic Games.
Secretary Johnson, they have them set up a judgment yet.
Secretary Army, I have not an athlete from the general himself,
so they are going to be the general and the captain against those, yet.
Secretary Johnson, yes.
Secretary, because it's of all indivisible.
Secretary Johnson, I checked this morning, and I had it there in line.
They were striking it from the left.
Secretary Johnson, we will have to consider this is the fall of all the committees,
and let's recognize our left-hand side.
Secretary Johnson, yes, Dr. Williams, yes.
I am sorry to call things that make me turn to the panel.
I can't just idle my hand, wipe this posture forward, please do not.
The next call in the Chabin was 25.1954.
8.5 AM, covered in proven foam, kind of, of the same speed and speed.
If you are just about life I told you, and I can't file,
I'm going to have to do something.
It must, it may get stressful.
I want to do many things, all these kinds of things,
working on these big problems, telling me what to do.
But I am going to leave it, lady.
I am not going to leave it, lady.
I think I have an absolute piece of art, and the service is along with me.
And I think it is just a shame, and I think it has to be straight out of it.
Just what the right thing to do is, I don't know.
My present safety is there, Severus.
Should I be a bound by the fact that I can't come along what I've been all in yesterday?
He is not supposed to do the paper, but I have to know what he said with some of the papers.
And I feel I have to ask that through for the most necessary to be a stumped.
And go back up there and play this morning that I felt bound.
And the whole thing is told me to be good by the fact that I will have to make a tape,
that I will have to make a tape.
When I may be even tell them what the paper is, what the tape is, what the paper is.
Who have you come to see?
Last week, I was thinking of a person who was holding a paper.
I didn't get him until 11th birthday.
I thought the car was Charlie, and I thought this girl,
known as the one in the costume, I told all of my kids.
I said this thing is one thing credit, and it's kind of sad because I came to show what happened.
He just absolutely didn't go in the day, I am a yellow guy.
I have a person who has a particular ability.
So I will have to be taken by a person.
I don't know what to do about this, and I don't want to do anything with you.
But it will have to be done.
First, let's call a call.
Mr. Tom, in order to try to pinpoint the
issues in this controversy, I want to now, want now to put to you some two-ball question
that I also want to ask you.
Chapter 79, Title 18, Section 1621, deal with purchase.
The states have been affected any person that testifies under oath,
and willfully and contrited such oaths, states or conspired, any material matter which he does not to please too,
and will be a purgeary and shall accept as otherwise expressly provided by law if I am not more than 2000 or more than five years.
There have been a number of allegations and statements made against you Mr. Tom that I believe are material to these controversy.
To this controversy, these allegations have been made under oath by Mr. Steven, Mr. Adams, Lieutenant Blouk and Colonel Ballot.
I wish to give you the opportunity of time to declare the truth of Paul Smith's fault for the of these allegations.
On the other hand, there have been a number of statements and allegations by you against Mr. Steven and Mr. Adams that have been denied by them under oath.
I want to give you the opportunity at this time to repeat the statements that you have made in public here and before this form under oath.
If you repeat the statements under oath that you have already made in public and that you have been denied here under oath by Mr. Steven and Mr. Adams, then someone has given you a purgeary.
This is the most serious matter and I hope you will consider deeply that you answer these questions.
Do you want me to comment on that?
Yes, I must be glad to.
Of course I know the purgeary statute, so I prosecuted Cami Nus Andre.
I also know that the attorney general and his chief assistant are more involved who have instigated this infancy proceeding in the fake I'm going to be looking at my testimony and I assure you anything I tell you will be the truth.
In spite of the fact there is a fact that for Mr. Smith's fault, the statements that I just read to you is the identical statements that I read are substantially identical, but I read to the other two principles.
Nothing in the statements that I have made is to be construed obviously that you will testify for what you understand that.
Of course I can finally make this statement for the record so there is no misunderstanding as I put these questions as I say.
The form of this preliminary statement is identical with the form that I read to Mr. students and the matter.
I will answer every question you put to me and I will answer it justly.
Mr. Cohn, it was stated by you on March 12, 1954 that the Army had issued the so-called chronological series of events because they had failed in fired blackmail attempt.
Is this allegation of attempted blackmail to a fall?
Yes, sir. I think it's true and I think the testimony of members of this very committee concerning Mr. Adams, visit to them, try and excel at the scene as if the loyalty for it and hinting as one of the members put it.
But if that were not done, something else would be done. That's the me, sir, it's blackmail in the way I use it.
You say you think it's true. Is it true or is it false?
Sure it is true. I think that's been proved to be uninducked.
It is stated by Frank Carr and the memorandum, the Senator McCarthy of December 19, 1953 and I told him.
Even though they, the Army, said he shined the verb they commissioned, they did not give us to him because of the left wing threat.
And they kept trying to dangle the post-mall favors in front of him, end of post-memorandum.
Did you ever hear Mr. Stevens or Mr. Adams make a statement that five of China deserves a commission?
Yes sir.
Then I, you say you did. I just said.
So is this allegation that the Army stated that the truth of Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams, that China deserves a commission?
Is that statement true or is that statement false?
I don't follow you. They just say that.
Mr. Adams particularly said that.
Well now let's take them one at a time.
Yes sir.
Because the statement that Mr. Adams stated, that China deserves a commission.
Is that statement of Mr. Adams true or is it false?
Right. Mr. Adams said that.
Yes. I heard him say that.
Well, is the statement then that Mr. Adams made to you that he made the time to work the commission?
Is that, is the true that he made the statement?
Yes sir. It is true that he made the statement.
It is true that Mr. Stevens made a similar statement.
I don't recall the statement making a statement.
Mr. Adams did say that.
Yes.
But he deserved a commission and that statement is true.
Yes sir.
Mr. Cohn, you're quoted in the US News and World Report of March 19, 1954 as stated and I quote.
No improper insolence was ever exerted by me or anyone else on behalf of China in this book.
Is that statement true or false?
What's out of that is my position.
Is that statement true or is it false?
I believe I thought it was true. That statement is true.
You didn't, but you didn't now.
Well, I will say it again sir. That statement is true.
All I want is no improper.
On the press, on March 14, 1954, you answered a question of Mr. Jack Bell by stating and I quote.
The only communication we had with the Army about China when he was down a fort dick.
So, for sure, it's through our arrangements, but after his thing he was over, at the end of the day and over weekend, when he was doing a no training, he would instead of recreational activities, the voting itself to work.
And that was the only purpose of any communication we had with the Army while we were at Fort Dick.
Sir, I believe it's about committee work and it's not.
Oh, we read it. What part of it do you have the...
Yes sir.
...of transcripts from Mr. Fred.
I have an excerpt from the transcript which I believe is the excerpt.
Well, what part? Let me read it as soon as you stop me when I'm...
Well, I can say something that the voting itself to work. I believe it was the voting itself to commit.
I believe that I said the voting itself to committee work.
Well, just a minute. I'll have the actual transcripts to you that are saying from each of the tests and then I think there can be no.
What if it appeared in your transcript?
I have this from the typewriter's and she and it may be well...
It may well be Mr. Stone that's...
...the sonar that's been made an error.
Maybe that I'm wrong to tell a little bit about this one.
What's the budget?
I have to be a focus stat of the original transcript here sir.
And I believe on page 7, the term...
Committee work appears.
Well, close me back to that.
Sure, it's so long. I'm 10.
Close me back to that.
Sure.
I'd be glad to hand up the...
...this photo set of the transcripts.
We have a right here. I understand that the amendment is pretty work. We're checking it right now.
Yes sir.
And let me refer again now to be surprised if you have a handy there and I...
...shut, so on any mistake from the actual transcript.
Yes sir.
You were quoted on each the press on March 14th as stating in an answer to Larry Svay.
And I told him, as I said Mr. Svay, we did not ask for special statements or shy for him, meaning shy and the full.
Is that statement true or false?
Yes, that's true. And I'd say as I said Mr. Svay, as I believe that, we laid back to certain things which I said then, which I said before this committee.
Namely sir, that our discussions with the Army about shine, both relations, they'll finish up committee work, that on the question of assignments or treatment,
but with regard to him was why he deserved on the merits, nothing more sir and nothing less than I stand on that.
It is a crucial question Mr. Corm because they do aligns with the special treatment has been asked for a choice.
I say with the modification that as I said, you refer back to the prior context of the broadcast, the statement is true.
Any member, next question, any member I am from you Mr. Corm, the senator must part the date of December 9th, 1953.
The following was stated, you have that.